Ooh.
Hey. stoppa. stoppa.
Illumination!
Bedtime.
Woo-hoo. bedtime!
Yes!
Oh. no.
Bedtime. bedtime. bedtime!
Did you wash your face?
Yes.
Mm... no.
Story time! Story time!
Woo-hoo!
Shh. Shh.
"Once upon a time.
"there was a brave
and noble princess named Peach.
"She was the great protector
of the Mushroom Kingdom.
Her story begins
many years ago..."
I want to hear the story
about the plumbers.
- Ooh. ooh.
- We did that one last night.
and the night before
and the night before.
Plumbers. plumbers.
- Plumbers. plumbers. plumbers.
- Plumbers. Plumbers. Plumbers.
- Plumbers.
- Okay.
Woo-hoo!
I'm hooked on the brothers.
"Mario and Luigi were..."
- Get to the Donkey Kong part.
- Oh. oh.
Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong. Donkey Kong.
Donkey...
Let's save the rest
for tomorrow.
- Aw.
- Bummer.
You all get tucked into bed.
all right?
Boo.
I'll be right back.
Princess Rosalina.
you're coming with me.
You messed with the wrong...
Mama?
I had a bad dream.
Uh-oh. It wasn't a dream.
Wha...?
From the ashes of his father's
defeat rises a new conqueror.
The Bowser name
shall be feared once more.
Will you shut up?
I'm just so happy for you.
Your first princess-napping!
Leave my mama alone!
No!
Huh?
Wahoo!
Woo-hoo!
Hey. huh?
Lu. that jump you hit
back there...
Mario. are we cool
motorcycle guys now?
Obviously.
- Oh. you're here.
- Oh.
Now. where's
the troubled pipes?
Okay. okay.
How about pointing?
Okay. I guess we'll just
follow that terrifying noise.
Come on.
You're not
the scared guy anymore.
Yes. I am! People don't change!
There's the problem.
Ooh.
Put the bricks back.
I looked down that hole.
and the devil looked back.
Hey. It's all right.
Easy.
- Ah.
- Hey. okay.
Okay. now.
What's your name. little guy?
Yoshi.
Nice to meet you. Yoshi.
How did you get in a warp pipe?
Oh...
Out of the road!
We got a 1-9-8-1 monkey...
Mm? Wh...? Oh!
I guess we'll never know.
- Found the problem.
- Ah.
- Hola. Yoshi.
- Yoshi.
Yoshi. Yoshi.
All that trouble over a Yoshi.
Yeah. You know. we found
the little fella and...
Where'd he go?
Huh.
Well. he seemed like
a nice guy.
Rrr. rrr.
He knows that's my bike. right?
Where are you taking us?
Try and enjoy it. Princess.
It's the last place
you'll ever see alive.
It's pretty cool. right?
I really think my dad's
gonna love it.
Mama. I'm scared.
It's gonna be all right.
My Koopas.
guess who stole a princess.
Ah...
And not just any princess.
The guardian of the cosmos.
the mother of the stars.
With her powers.
we will destroy the universe!
She will give her life
for our glory!
How's that for a speech?
Very descriptive.
Ow! Ow!
No one hurts my kids.
Go!
The great battle
of my life draws near.
It is time to free my father.
Think she'll like it?
Mario. do you have feelings
for the princess?
What?!
Oh. what? Can't a guy give
his good buddy
a perfect present
to-to show her just
I'm not in love with Peach.
Mwah. mwah.
Let's just go.
Ooh.
Mmm.
Hey. guys.
Hey. Toad.
Looking good.
Um. who is this?
Yoshi.
- Who could resist that face?
- Aw...
Come on.
So some cool dinosaur
just shows up
and he's now part of the group.
Hey. uh. have you seen
the princess?
Nope.
Hey.
You're missing your own party.
I hate birthdays.
Yeah.
Luigi spent
his tenth birthday crying.
Said his childhood was over.
Well. the crazy thing is.
today's not my real birthday.
It's just the day
the Toads found me.
They have no idea
where I came from.
I've lived my entire life
wondering where my family is.
That must be so hard.
Sometimes I just feel so lost.
Guess since it's not
your actual birthday.
you don't want a present.
Mario!
All right. Fine. fine.
Oh.
I love it.
Huh?
Whoa.
Look.
- Wow.
- Whoa.
Whoa.
Oh.
Princess Peach.
I finally found you.
Oh.
Feel better now?
I can't believe
it's really you.
Our mama read us so many
bedtime stories about you.
Me?
Are you sure?
She said if anything
ever happened to her.
to find you
and you would help us.
Princess.
our mama's been taken.
What happened?
A giant robot took her
to a scary planet
out beyond the Gateway Galaxy.
Can you help us?
Uh. Peach. sorry. I tried...
Yes. yes.
we were eavesdropping.
Don't you even
think about leaving.
Guys. can we just give
the princess a minute?
She'll figure out what to do.
I disagree. Mario.
Even though my pajamas
say otherwise.
There is nothing to figure out.
She is not leaving.
Yes. yes. yes.
All right. guys. let's go.
We can discuss more
in the morning.
Good night. Princess.
Toad. pack our things.
Whoa!
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
What happened?
She left this for you.
Dear Mustache.
I've gone to the Gateway Galaxy
to begin my search
for the Luma's mom.
I'm leaving the Kingdom
in your hands.
Sincerely. Peach.
"Sincerely."
Ooh la la. That's a good sign.
Princess Peach is gone?
Oh. no!
Everyone. calm down.
The Super Mario Brothers
can take care of the Kingdom.
Ha!
Woo-hoo!
Now what?
Hey. big guy.
Aah! Oh.
You scared me.
You wanted to see us?
Don't move. I'll be right up.
Here we go.
Hey. Luigi!
What's up. Mario?
Behold.
I made a masterpiece
for Princess Peach.
What do you think?
And be honest.
Love the colors.
The criticism I'd give you
is it's trash.
How dare you look at
my masterpiece and say that!
You think painting is easy?
I'll burn the skin
off your bones!
Wow.
Sorry about that.
That's the old Bowser talking.
Still working
through my demons. I suppose.
All good.
All better now.
Anyway.
it's not just a present.
It's a peace offering.
I'd like her to release me.
Not for good behavior.
for awesome behavior!
She'd never release you.
And don't even ask
about making you big again.
Even though
I'm totally rehabilitated?
Mario. he's really changed.
We're doing a weekly
book club together.
I bring the soup.
She doesn't trust you.
and neither do I.
Oh. you better start
trusting me
or I will eat your soul and...
I'm sorry. that... It's just...
Oh. wow.
All right. You know what. guys.
I'm gonna hit the sack.
I need my eight hours
or else I really turn
into a monster.
Ow!
Ow. ow. ow. ow. ow!
Stubbed it! Stubbed it!
Stubbed the dang toe!
Nighty night.
Uh...
Huh?
We got to get everyone
out of here.
Go. go. go!
That's everyone. Let's go.
Whoa.
Mamma mia.
In the name of the Koopas.
I demand that you release
my father.
Over my dead body.
Fine with me.
Why don't we start over
and introduce ourselves?
Okay. uh. hi. I'm Luigi.
I'm Bowser Jr..
and I'm gonna be
taking my father now.
Whoa.
Ooh. ooh. ooh.
You've been doing so great.
but thought you might
need a hand.
Ah...
Dad!
Hold on!
Everyone okay?
Where are we?
Ha!
Sweet freedom!
You got to be kidding me.
Bye. suckers.
Hey. get back here.
No. You can't catch the wind.
I just kind of did.
It was a metaphor!
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Hey.
Ow! Ow!
Stop it!
Never!
You should
probably spit him out.
Ooh.
That was intense.
Guys. this is embarrassing.
I'm still a tiny
work in progress.
Sorry. pal.
You expect me to shake
the hand of the turtle
whose son just attacked me?
My son?
I haven't seen him in years.
Mario. I was a terrible father.
He must hate me.
Hate you?
Your son tried to chop
my head off just to free you.
He wants to see you.
He could just use
some guidance.
Really?
You think I might have a shot
at reconnecting with my boy?
Aw. See. Mario?
He's gotten really in touch
with his feelings.
I'm drowning in 'em.
All right.
let's just keep moving.
We got to find a way off
this planet and get to Peach.
Look! There it is!
Whoa.
Come on. We're gonna be late.
Whoa. The Gateway Galaxy.
Welcome to Gateway Galaxy.
Your gateway to the galaxies.
Toad. where are you going?
This must be
who we're looking for.
No! No!
Princess?
Are you okay?
Ukiki is lost.
Have you seen Ukiki's friends?
Oh.
We've got a lost little monkey.
I got ya. I got ya.
That monkey just used
his cuteness for crime!
Toad. wait.
All of our Power-Ups
and coins are in there.
And my unfinished novel!
- Pardon me.
- Excuse me. Sorry.
Got him.
We got you now.
Monkey jumped through the wall!
Stay close.
Hey. you!
Hey!
Give me my backpack!
Dad. I know you're
down there somewhere.
Sire. it is hopeless.
The important thing now
in our time of grief
is to stay strong
for each other.
Will you get ahold of yourself?
We got to keep looking
for Papa.
So. um. Bowser wants to talk
to you about something.
You know. Mario.
all boys believe their fathers
are larger than life.
I don't want to disappoint
my boy by being so small.
I'm not making you big.
You're used to living
a pint-sized life.
but I was born to be big!
Undo the power
of the Blue Mushroom.
and I shall fight by your side
for all of eternity.
That's a good deal.
Eternity's a long time.
We will be unstoppable.
Hmm.
- No.
- Come on. hit me. Mario.
Hit me!
Yeah. Mario. hit him.
We-we can trust him.
- Hit me!
- Mario. just go ahead
- Come on.
- Ha!
Hit me now. you tiny.
pathetic failure of a plumber!
You will not regret this.
Aw.
What are you guys waiting for?
There's a castle up there.
Come on. Follow me.
Hey!
Sorry.
Whoa!
Whoa.
Princess.
Ukiki.
look at what you brought me.
Princesses are very valuable.
Ukiki thinks your novel stinks!
Ow!
What is it
with you princesses
and getting captured?
You know something about
that missing princess?
Mmm.
Not a thing.
You listen to me.
you slimeball.
You're gonna tell me exactly
where Rosalina is.
Or what?
Oh. Princess.
You're going to regret that.
Oh!
Hyah!
Ooh. yes!
Where is she?
Do I look like a snitch?
Oh! Yes. I do.
This is your last chance.
Okay. okay. Listen to me.
- Bowser's kid took her.
- Where?
The Space Junk Galaxy.
Toad.
Give me that.
Get me Bowser Jr. now!
Move those little legs. shortcake.
Hi.
We need some help
getting off your planet.
You will have to speak
to the queen.
But the scary-looking guy
stays here.
Hmm.
I got this.
Hello. Your Highness.
We are trying to get
to the Gateway Galax...
You're the aliens who destroyed
my flower fields.
Imprison them!
Take them to the honey mines!
Not on my watch.
Someone must pay
for their crimes.
Release them!
I shall serve their sentence
in their stead.
I can do the work
of a hundred men
and at least 10.000 bees.
Take me and send them
to the Gateway Galaxy.
Hmm.
We have a deal.
Get them to the Gateway Galaxy.
Are you sure about this?
You're not as horrible
as I thought.
Thank you.
Put that away.
You take care of him. okay?
I always do.
This miserable bug
will give you passage.
Go!
Make your old enemy proud.
When I'm free. me and my girl
are gonna go dancing
till the sun rises.
You got a honey back home?
She bailed at the altar.
Left me twisted in the wind.
I'm still healing.
remembering who I was
before her.
That is one sensitive soul.
Huh?
Stay strong!
You'll find
the right one someday!
Ooh.
Hi. Dad.
Junior?
Oh. my boy!
You got so big.
This is all yours?
Hey. aren't you supposed
to be at boarding school?
Boarding school?
More like boring school.
I got expelled.
You really grew up
when I wasn't paying attention.
Dad. we're about to become
the two most powerful dudes
in the universe.
Remember when
I was a baby turtle?
You were working so hard
trying to conquer the world.
But once in a while.
you'd have a night off.
and you'd tuck me in and tell
me our favorite bedtime story.
Those were the best nights
of my life.
Tell me the story.
Again?
Back in the days of yore.
there was a powerful villain
with awesome hair.
He loved conquering everything.
You see.
this villain had a son.
The two roamed the universe
desperate for a place
to call home.
but everywhere they went
was just incredibly lame.
Gross!
So they decided
to make their own planet.
Behold Planet Bowser.
a sinister sanctuary
where they could spend
the rest of their days.
They built
an evil roller coaster.
a gorge full of lava.
And they carved
a giant mountain into
And at the top of the planet
they built
the biggest cannon ever.
It could destroy the universe!
They called it...
The Boomsday Weapon!
To power it. they needed...
The most powerful princess
in the universe!
And when they had drained
all her power
and the weapon was ready.
they went planet by planet.
destroying all those
who disrespected them.
Boom!
- Boom!
Until they danced
on the ashes of the universe
and reigned supreme!
The end.
Dad. will you tell me again
tomorrow night?
Of course.
Good night. my boy.
Mwah.
Shh.
Dad. I built us that planet.
You did?
We're going there right now.
You and me.
Two Bowsers. no limits.
My lords.
We have a problem.
Welcome to the information booth.
My name is R.O.B.
Would you like
some information?
We need to find a pilot.
and quick.
Certainly. Pilots can be found
on the flight deck.
which is located right over...
...over...
Oh. R.O.B.. you're killing me!
I'm sorry.
I do not wish to kill you.
Ugh! Toad!
- I am R.O.B.
- I know!
Great. Thanks for visiting
information.
Where is the flight deck?
Right over...
...over... here.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Whee!
Hi there.
Can you take us
to the Space Junk Galaxy?
Uh. nope.
Excuse me.
How much to take us
to the Space Junk Galaxy?
Too dangerous
for this little flyboy.
So. tell me this.
Why is a princess
trying to go to the most
dangerous place in the galaxy?
Who are you?
Don't ask me
personal questions.
Oh. I'm-I'm so sorry.
I didn't...
I'm Fox McCloud!
Leader of the legendary
Star Fox team!
I only care about three things:
keeping the Lylat System safe.
fighting with my buds.
and doing extremely dangerous
barrel rolls!
Let's go!
Then one day.
my warp drive exploded.
blew a giant hole in
the fabric of space and time.
and I got sucked
into a different universe.
That's what I get
for making a frog my engineer.
Now I roam your galaxy.
trying to find a way home.
doing good
when the price is right.
Oh. I also have
cool space boots.
Whoa.
Now. that's the backstory
of the guy
who's going to take us
to the Space Junk Galaxy.
How desperate for money
do you think I am?
All right. you got a deal.
I'll fuel up the Arwing.
We'll take off in five.
That was the coolest dude
I've ever seen.
Mario. I have a great idea.
When you see Peach.
you should catch up and go.
"Blah. blah. blah.
Oh. hi. How are you?"
And then. boom!
You should ask her out
on a date.
I don't know. Lu.
You think a princess would
ever date a plumber?
Mario.
She would be the luckiest
princess in the world
- to be your girlfriend.
- Uh-huh.
She is going to say yes.
and then you're gonna ask her
if she has a friend for me.
Now we just need to find her.
She is right over...
over...
Peach!
Mario?
Oh. Yoshi's here.
Yay.
Mario!
A handshake?
Thought it could be cool.
I mean.
just thought it could be cool.
That-that would
be good and cool.
Mario. I found out
where Rosalina is.
And this guy's gonna
take us there.
Nice ride.
Nice 'stache.
Let's go.
Yahoo!
You got to love a space rogue!
He doesn't look like
a rogue to me.
He looks like
Ms. Castellano's dog.
Can Ms. Castellano's dog
do this?
Oh!
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
I like this guy.
Might want to hang on
to something.
Oh!
- Woo-hoo!
They're gonna pay for that!
Wait. Junior.
I kind of got to know them.
They're super lame.
but I'd still feel bad
about killing them.
What are you talking about?
Not kill them?
Well. that's weird.
Okay. Doing this one
for you. Dad.
When I'm done with them.
they'll be crying
for their mommies.
Uh. what's that gonna do?
Bowser.
He played us.
Oh. babies.
Wha...
Ow!
No!
Boom!
Don't worry. Dad.
This time tomorrow.
you'll have forgotten all about
those dorks in overalls.
The whole universe
will be ours!
- Whoa!
- Hold on!
How about now?
Nope.
Toad. the babies!
Wha... On it.
Come here.
Whoo!
Huh?
Yoshi!
Come back!
Yoshi. Yoshi.
Yoshi!
Come here!
Whee.
Luigi!
What are you doing?
Stop it!
Mario!
Shh!
Yoshi!
Yoshi! Yoshi!
Here.
Hey... Wait. wait.
Oh. no. Let-let go!
Let go! Let go! Let go!
Give it! Give it!
Give it to me!
Give me... Give me the gun!
Oh. Uh...
I kind of liked being a baby.
All the scary thoughts
running through my head
just disappeared. you know?
We're gonna fix you up
like new. okay?
It's gonna
be fine. It's just a dent.
Just a dent.
Hey. We are gonna find
a way off this planet.
Mario. we're galaxies away
from Rosalina.
we can't fix the ship.
and somehow
we keep adding dinosaurs!
I know you're frustrated.
Princesses don't
get frustrated!
All right. Well. then can I be
not frustrated with you?
Uh. breaker. breaker.
This is Big Green
with Little Red
Uh. we are looking
for an evac...
Had a major fender bender
in dino-town.
Uh. we're hauling some
royal cargo...
...a thunder lizard and...
- Come on!
- You can do it!
Ow!
Woo-hoo!
Look what happens
when you don't have a bedtime.
Mayday. Mayday.
This is the big Luigi dog
saying over and out.
Luigi?
Their mustaches
were ridiculous.
but they weren't bad guys.
They were your friends. huh?
Nothing's more dangerous
than a friend.
When your armor's down.
they'll stab you in the back.
Where did you hear that?
It's what you told me
when you dropped me off
for my first day of school.
I am a good dad.
Those friends of yours
tried to ruin you.
turn you into
something you're not.
You know who won't hurt you?
Your family.
Family is forever.
Close your eyes.
Dad.
Wait for it.
Now. open.
Guys. there's something
extremely weird
flying towards us.
- Wow.
Mario!
Let's-a go!
We'll be at the Space Junk
Galaxy before nap time.
Once upon a time.
there was a brave
and noble princess named Peach.
Her story begins
many years ago...
...when she lived
on a small planet
with her sister. Rosalina.
The two sisters were
made of stardust.
Their love burned as brightly
as the stars themselves.
Together. they could summon
the power of the cosmos.
But evil forces wanted
the power for themselves.
Rosalina had to send
Peach away to safety.
No! No!
The Toads raised
and protected her
until she grew strong enough
to protect them.
Dad. welcome to Planet Bowser!
You really built all this?
But that's not all.
We have our very own
Boomsday Weapon!
And the princess I kidnapped
to power it.
The universe will
never forgive you.
This is who you are.
This is where you belong.
Tonight we destroy
the Mushroom Kingdom.
Tomorrow the universe!
Bowser! Bowser! Bowser! Bowser!
Bowser! Bowser! Bowser!
Yeah! Long live the king!
They're waiting for you.
Sometimes.
on this Rainbow Road of life.
we lose our way.
But if you're lucky.
a tiny version of yourself
helps you remember
your true calling.
My Koopas...
your king has returned!
We'll get you on the planet.
Buckle up.
It's about to get crazy.
Star Fox team is ready.
Sick.
Let's do this.
Incoming!
Do a barrel roll!
Yay!
You're up. Mustache!
Good luck.
Wahoo!
I don't know what that means.
It means you go this way.
we go that way.
Oh. Got ya.
Oh.
Intruder alert! Intruder alert!
Get them!
It won't be long now. Dad.
What?!
My lords.
our tormentors have returned!
I'll take care of 'em.
I built a security system
that's next-level.
They're gonna get
torn to pieces.
I love being a dad.
Oh. the days are long.
but the years are short.
Hello. Peach and Mario.
Prepare to meet your maker.
Whoa!
I've got you now.
Woo-hoo!
I won't let them ruin this.
Bowser.
It didn't have to be this way.
I know there's still
some good in there.
Let us pass. Now.
Or what?
You'll humiliate me
at my wedding?
Shrink me to a nubbin
and put me in a jar?
Make me join a book club?!
We had our moment. Mario.
but Bowser is back.
and now you'll feel my fury!
No. No. No...!
Dad!
Dad.
I am the lord of bones!
I am the skull king!
And I'm his son!
Mario!
Go.
Save her.
Oh!
Whoa! Oh!
Whoa!
Ow!
Yoshi.
Very weird.
Ow!
Whoa!
Finish this. Lu.
Ha!
- Lu!
- What?
You know I never learned
how to draw!
Yes!
No!
In the name of the Koopas...
Junior!
Daddy! Please help me!
Dad!
Oh. my boy.
Rosalina.
I need you to try.
I knew you would come for me.
Hey! Found your femur. Dad.
Doing great. my boy.
Let's find my foot.
Mario! Mario.
Come meet my sister.
I am so happy
you found each other.
I love a family reunion.
Heyo!
Mama?
Oh. Mama.
Oh. My babies.
We missed you so much.
I missed you. too.
Mama. can we visit
the Mushroom Kingdom?
I want to see the castle.
Okay. okay.
Where's your castle?
Uh. well. the castle.
Yeah. the castle. um...
It died.
What are you talking about?
You know what. guys?
We're gonna rebuild
the best castle ever.
Who wants to help?
- Oh. yeah.
- Woo-hoo!
Wahoo!
So. where are you off to next?
That nice space princess
fixed up my warp drive.
and I'm heading home.
Good luck with them.
That is one complicated family.
Don't worry. son.
No jail can hold us.
We'll be out of here soon.
Hello. maggots.
Trying to escape?
You're gonna play
by my rules now.
Stay close. son.
She won't break us.
First goes the body.
then goes the bones.
Then all that's left is dust.
You be quiet right now.
You can't silence the truth.
It only makes it louder.
Like the approaching
drumbeat of death!
Boom. boom.
- boom. boom.
- No!
Oh. There. there.
you poor little monkey.
Ow.
Well. thank you very much...
Your Highness.